       Web Design Terms and Conditions
Last Revised: 2023-07-07

By placing an order with Sheernox Technology Group (“Sheernox”), you confirm that you are in
agreement with and bound by the terms and conditions below.

Purchase of Website Creation and Development Services - This Agreement for a Website Project is
between the customer of this Agreement (the “Customer”) and SHEERNOX TECHNOLOGY GROUP.

Sheernox Technology Group will carry out work only where an agreement is provided either by
email, telephone, mail or fax. Sheernox Technology Group will carry out work only for clients who
are 18 years of age or above. An ‘order’ is deemed to be a written or verbal contract between
Sheernox Technology Group and the client; this includes telephone and email agreements.


   1. Project Work Flow and Delivery Policy
Once we agree on a basic time frame and budget and the initial payment is received, Sheernox
Technology Group will schedule the project and the design team work and get you the initial design
concept(s).

       •      Customer will work with a Sheernox Technology Group consultant to scope and define
              the requirements of the project
       •      Sheernox will provide a rough, initial draft of the website design for customer review
       •      Customer to review first design draft(s) with list of changes clearly written in a
              document, email response or meeting
       •      Customer to review and accept design changes once completed with a new list of any
              changes
       •      Customer and Sheernox will meet at regular intervals as appropriate to review the
              design
       •      Customer will be provided with a professionally designed website



   2. Scope of Work
For the initial phase of development (the online presence), Sheernox Technology Group will work
with the client to create the website design concept and content.

Sheernox Technology Group will maintain a content management solution to allow your company
to easily update the website on regular basis. All necessary extensions for the content management
system will be purchased and provided by Sheernox Technology Group.

Design and consulting services will be provided on hourly basis in amount. Services not listed in
quote or invoice should be considered as additional and out of scope of this proposal.


   3. Technical Specifications & Decisions
The website will be composed of multiple pages organized with a persistent navigation system to
allow the user to easily browse the contents of the site and learn about your company. For
administration purposes, your site will feature a Content Management System (CMS), which will be
a set of secure web pages where authorized company employees (you) can go to
add/update/delete pages and page content. The CMS will be chosen and configured by our
technical team.

All technical decisions regarding design and programming techniques, programming language,
programming technologies, programming strategy, programming logic, programming flow,
graphical design, font selection, database setup, database structure, database relationships, visual
appearance (textbox, buttons, placements, etc) or any other technical decision designed to meet
the Customer’s needs is the exclusive prerogative of Sheernox Technology Group and not that of
the Customer.


   4. Web Hosting
Hosting will be handled by the technical team in coordination with the development of the website.
Domain registration may also be included.

The Website Project identified on the face hereof will be hosted by Sheernox Technology Group.
Hosting elsewhere will result in Sheernox Technology Group’s inability to accept responsibility for
hardware, software, installation, functionality, performance and reliability of the Website. Hosting
elsewhere automatically adds a $250 file transfer fee. This fee is not a penalty but a fee to cover the


cost of converting your website, content management system, files, photos, and database into a
movable storage format such as a ZIP, cPanel account package, or other format ready for transport
to a 3rd party compatible server.

Hosting elsewhere voids all warranty and automatically relieves Sheernox Technology Group from
any liability including lost files, lost data, time lost, or any other expense incurred by the Customer
relating to the transfer and/or hosting on a 3rd party hosting provider. Sheernox Technology Group
is not responsible for the deployment and setup of the website on a 3rd party hosting provider.


    5. Website Maintenance
Website maintenance is NOT included with our web design packages by default. Website
maintenance packages are offered separately from the initial design package. Contact us for more
details.

Client agrees that if they are NOT subscribed to a website maintenance plan that they are
responsible for all changes and upkeep once the website has been completed and final payment
processed. Changes can still be requested post-completion but are charged on a per incident basis if
not subscribed to a website maintenance plan.


    6. Payment of Accounts
A deposit is required from any new client before any work is carried out. It is Sheernox policy that
any outstanding accounts for work carried out by Sheernox Technology Group or its affiliates are
required to be paid in full, no later than 30 days from the date of the invoice unless by prior
arrangement with Sheernox Technology Group.

    1. Client shall pay Sheernox Technology Group an project initiation deposit payment equal to
           50% of the project’s total cost, unless otherwise agreed to in writing
    2. Once a deposit is paid and the work is completed you are obliged to pay the balance of
           payment in full.
    3. Payment terms are net thirty (30) days from the date of invoice initiation. Any amounts not
           paid within the thirty (30) days shall be charged an interest fee of 1.8% for each month (or
           portion thereof) any such payment is late.
    4. The initiation deposit payment is non-refundable.





If accounts are not settled or Sheernox Technology Group have not been contacted regarding the
delay, access to the related website may be denied and web pages removed, we will then pass such
cases to the Small Claims Court to pursue payment, non payment can result in county court
judgements (CCJ’s) being added to the clients credit rating.

Following consistent non payment of an invoice our Solicitors will contact the client in question,
with a view to taking the matter further and if need be to seek payment through legal procedures,
and if necessary court summons.


    7. Refund Policy
All payments to Sheernox Technology Group are non-refundable. All overcharges or billing disputes
must be reported within 21 days of the time the dispute occurred. If you dispute a charge to your
credit card issuer that, in Sheernox Technology Group’s sole discretion is a valid charge under the
provisions of the TOS and /or AUP, you agree to pay an “Administrative Fee” of not less than $250
and not more than $500.



    8. Copyright and Ownership Rights
The website is and will remain the intellectual property of Sheernox Technology Group until it is
paid in full by the Customer. After full payment of this project the Intellectual property is
automatically transferred to the Customer. Any attempt to leach, copy, or take project deliverables
from Sheernox Technology Group prior to full payment will be considered theft corresponding to
sections 322-380 of the Criminal Code of Canada.


    9. The “Fine Print”
    1. These terms are specifically for our website design services. You also agree that you have
        read and consent to abide by our Acceptable Usage Policy and Terms of Service.
    2. Sheernox Technology Group will not be liable or become involved in any disputes between
        the site owner and their clients and cannot be held responsible for any wrongdoing on the
        part of a site owner.
    3. Sheernox Technology Group will not be liable for any costs incurred, compensation or loss
        of earnings due to the work carried out on behalf of the client or any of the clients
        appointed agents.



4. Sheernox Technology Group will not be liable for any costs incurred, compensation or loss
   of earnings due to the unavailability of the site, its servers, software or any material
   provided by its agents.
5. You must provide us with, and keep current and complete, contact information including e-
   mail, postal mail, and telephone contacts.
6. File Transfer Fee - The Customer may exercise the option of acquiring a copy of the website
   and all its contents on his or her personal media for $250. This fee is necessary due to the
   fact that the website is built with a Content Management System with complex
   programming and databases which requires a programming investment every time a
   transfer is required.
7. Governing law, jurisdiction and venue - This Agreement shall be deemed to have been
   made in, and shall be construed pursuant to the laws of the Province of British Columbia,
   Canada and any action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be
   brought only in the courts of such jurisdiction. The parties hereby consent to such
   jurisdiction and venue.
8. Indemnity - Sheernox Technology Group is not liable for damages caused by security
   loopholes such as usernames and passwords, malicious software, hacking, denial of service
   attacks, or any other malicious attacks. Sheernox Technology Group is not liable for third
   party theft of intellectual property or sensitive information such as credit card information
   or any resulting damages. Any work required to repair damages, or security loopholes is not
   the responsibility of Sheernox Technology Group. Sheernox Technology Group is not liable
   for damages resulting from spelling mistakes, poor grammar, sentence structure, paragraph
   structure, legibility, literary logic, or any other issue arising from the way content is written
   or displayed. Sheernox Technology Group is not liable for damages caused by offensive
   images, poor quality images, lack of images, excessive images, or any other issue arising
   from image-related problems.
9. Survival Clause - This document in it's entirety shall survive the termination of this
   agreement.
10. Implied Authority – Your agreement and signature on this document is implied the moment
   the Customer initiates a payment to Sheernox Technology Group.





